[update] Backup and restore in cloud (#2615)
timescale/docs: use-timescale/backup-restore-cloud.md

In the event of a storage failure, a service automatically restores from backup
to the point of failure. In the event of a user error where a point-in-time
recovery needs to be done, contact Support by clicking the `Support` button in

> the Timescale console. To help us get things moving quickly for you, make sure 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the Timescale console. To help get things moving quickly, make sure 
```

In the event of a storage failure, a service automatically restores from backup
to the point of failure. In the event of a user error where a point-in-time
recovery needs to be done, contact Support by clicking the `Support` button in

> the Timescale console. To avoid any delays with the request, provide the
> relevant service ID, and  the date and time in UTC format. Timescale support
> team's best practice is to restore to a fork but if an in-place restore is
> required, please specify this when submitting the request to support.

Reviewer: I wonder if we can make this a bit friendlier?

```suggestion
the Timescale console. To help us get things moving quickly for you, make sure 
you provide the relevant service ID, and the date and time in UTC format. The Timescale 
support team usually restores to a fork, but if you need an in-place restore, make sure
you include that information in your support request.
```
